                                            Control Statements

Calculate max of two number

calculate min of two number 

Give a person's age, find if they should get a driving license or not.

Take positive integer input and tell if it is even or odd.

Take positive integer input and tell if it is divisible by 5 or not.

Any year is input through the keyboard. Write
a program to determine whether the year is a leap year or not.
(Considering leap year occurs after every 4 years)

Take integer input and print the absolute value of that integer

If cost price and selling price of an item is input through the keyboard,
write a program to determine whether the seller has made profit or incurred loss.
Also determine how much profit he made or loss he incurred.

Given the length and breadth of a rectangle, write a program to find whether the area of the
rectangle is greater than its perimeter.

Take positive integer input and tell if it is a three digit number or not.

Take positive integer input and tell if it is divisible by 5 and 3.

Take positive integer input and tell if it is divisible by 5 or 3.

Take 3 positive integers input and print the greatest of them.

If the ages of Ram, Shyam and Ajay are inputthrough the keyboard,
write a program to determine the youngest of the three.

Take 3 numbers input and tell if they can be the sides of a triangle.

                                    Nested if

Take positive integer input and tell if it is divisible by 5 or 3 but not divisible by 15.

Take positive integer input and tell if it is divisible by 5 and 3.

Take 3 positive integers input and print the greatest of them.

If the ages of Ram, Shyam and Ajay are input through the keyboard,
write a program to determine the youngest of the three.

                                    Else if     

Take the input percentage of a student and print the grade according to the marks:
	1.	90 - 100: Excellent
	2.	80 - 90: Very Good
	3.	70 - 80: Good
	4.	60 - 70: Can Do Better
	5.	50 - 60: Average
	6.	40 - 50: Below Average
	7.	Below 40: Fail

Write a program to check whether a number is divisible by 97 or not.

Write a program to determine whether a student has passed or failed. To pass, a
student requires a total of 40% and at least 33% in each subject. Assume there
are three subjects and take the marks as input from the user.

Calculate income tax paid by an employee to the government as per the slabs
mentioned below:
                            Income Slab    Tax
                            2.5 – 5.0L      5%
                            5.0L - 10.0L    20%
                            Above 10.0L     30%

Write a program to find whether a year entered by the user is a leap year or not.
Take year as an input from the user.

Write a program to determine whether a character entered by the user is
lowercase or not.

Write a program to find greatest of four numbers entered by the user.

Write a program to print the average of 3 numbers.

Write a program to check if given character is digit or not.

Write a program to print the smallest number of two.

Write a program to check if a number is divisible by 2 or not.