 Print hello world ‘n’ times. Take ‘n’ as input from user

 Display this AP - 1,3,5,7,9.. upto ‘n’ terms. 

 Display this AP - 4,7,10,13,16.. upto ‘n’ terms.

 Write a program to print armstrong number between R(Starting Value) to S(Ending Number) given by user.

 Write a program to check if the number entered by the user is an Armstrong number.

 Write a program to print all the ASCII values and their equivalent characters From 'A'(characters small/capital given by user)
 to 'Z'(Character small/capital given by user)using for loop.

 Write a program to check whether a given number is prime or not using while loops

 WAP to count digits of a given number.

 print all Even numbers within a given range:

 print Factorial of number within a given range:

 Program to calculate the factorial of a given number.

 Write a program to print from first to nth term of fibonacci series

 Display this GP - 1,2,4,8,16,32,.. upto ‘n’ terms.

 Display this GP - 3,12,48,.. upto ‘n’ terms.

 Display this GP - 100,50,25,.. upto ‘n’ terms.

 Display the arithmetic progression: 100, 97, 94, ... down to the last positive term starting from 'n'.

 Write a program to print nth term of fibonacci series

 Print all the odd numbers from R(which is given by user) to S(which is given by user).

 Program to check whether a given number is a palindrome.

 Program to check if a number is prime or composite.

 Write a program to print prime numbers in a range.

 Program to print natural numbers from R (start) to S (end),
 luding numbers in the range from i (skip start) to k (skip end).

 Write a program to print all the ASCII values and their equivalent characters From 'A'(characters small/capital given by user)
 to 'Z'(Character small/capital given by user) using while loop.

 Program to calculate the result of raising one number to the power of another.

 Program to print the reverse of a given number

 Program to calculate the sum from number R to S using a while loop.

 WAP to print the sum of Digits of given number to the sum of digits of reverse of given number.

 Program to calculate the sum of digits of a given number.

 Program to print the sum of all even digits of a given number.

 Program to print the sum of all odd digits of a given number.

 Write a program to print table of n and sum of table of n.

 Print the table of N(Given By User).

 Continuously take input from the user until a number that is a multiple of 7 is entered.

 Keep taking numbers as input from the user until an odd number is entered.

 Program to calculate the sum within a given range using while loop.
