Give a person's age, find if they should get a driving license or not.

Take positive integer input and tell if it is a three digit number or not.

Take integer input and print the absolute value of that integer

Write a program to print the average of 3 numbers.

Given the length and breadth of a rectangle, write a program to find whether the area of the
rectangle is greater than its perimeter.

Write a program to check if given character is digit or not.

Write a program to determine whether a character entered by the user is lowercase or not.

Take positive integer input and tell if it is even or odd.

Take Divided as a input from user and check divided is divisible by Divisor(input from user)or not.

Take positive integer input and tell if it is divisible by 5 or not.

Take positive integer input and tell if it is divisible by 5 and 3 without using nested if.

Take positive integer input and tell if it is divisible by 5 or 3 but not divisible by 15 using nested if.

Take positive integer input and tell if it is divisible by 5 or 3 but not divisible by 15 using logical oprators.

If cost price and selling price of an item is input through the keyboard,
write a program to determine whether the seller has made profit or incurred loss.
Also determine how much profit he made or loss he incurred.

Take 3 numbers input and tell if they can be the sides of a triangle using logical oprators.

Any year is input through the keyboard.
Write a program to determine whether the year is a leap year or not.
(Considering leap year occurs after every 4 years)

Take the input percentage of a student and print the grade according to the marks using nested if:
	1.	90 - 100: Excellent
	2.	80 - 90: Very Good
	3.	70 - 80: Good
	4.	60 - 70: Can Do Better
	5.	50 - 60: Average
	6.	40 - 50: Below Average
	7.	Below 40: Fail

Take 3 positive integers input and print the greatest of them using nested if.

Calculate income tax paid by an employee to the government as per the slabs
mentioned below:
                           Income Slab      Tax
                           2.5 – 5.0L       5%
                           5.0L - 10.0L     20%
                           Above 10.0L      30%

Write a program to determine whether a student has passed or failed. To pass, a
student requires a total of 40% and at least 33% in each subject. Assume there
are three subjects and maximum number in each subject-: 100 and take the marks as input from the user.

If the ages of Ram, Shyam and Ajay are input through the keyboard,
write a program to determine the youngest of the three.
Hint-: Use Logical Operators and Nested If.

Calculate min of two numbers

Calculate max of two number

Write a program to find greatest from four numbers entered by the user using max or min algoritem .
