Write a C program that accepts the marks of multiple students and prints the roll numbers of the students
who scored below the passing mark (e.g., 35).

Write a Program to calculates the sum of all elements in an integer array.
The user is prompted to input the array size and its elements.

Write a Program to calculates the product of all elements in an integer array.
The user is prompted to input the array size and its elements.

Program to store the multiplication table of a given number in an array

Program to find the maximum value in a user-defined array.

Program to find the maximum value in a user-defined array using 'limits.h' Library Function.

Program to find the minimum value in a user-defined array

Program to find the Minimum value in a user-defined array using 'limits.h' Library Function.

Given an array of integers:
 - Multiply all values at odd indices by 2.
 - Increment all values at even indices by 10.

Count the number of elements in a given array greater than a given number x

This program calculates the difference between the sum of elements at even indices
and the sum of elements at odd indices in an array.

Program to find and count all pairs in an array whose sum equals a given target.

Program to find and count all triplets in an array whose sum equals a given target.

Program to store the first 'n' Fibonacci numbers in an array

Find the second largest element in the given Array using various loops

Find the second largest element in the given Array using only one loop

Program to take array size and elements from the user and display the array in reverse order

Write a program to copy the contents of one array into another array in reverse order.

Swap two elements of of an array

Program to reverse an array in-place without using any additional array

Write a program to check if the array is a palindrome or not.

Reverse a subarray between the given start and end indices.

Program to perform a right rotation on an array using the reversal algorithm.
It reads array elements from the user and rotates the array 'r' times.

Program to check whether a number is present in a given array

Program to find the missing number from an array containing numbers from 1 to 20

Program to find a duplicate element in an integer array Where all the elements are being unique twice with one value being repeated

Find the unique number in a given Array Where all the elements are being repeated twice with one value being unique
